Nurumi keyboard is android-based virtual keyboard. This keyboard is developed for the visually handicapped. In former days, visually handicapped people used huge and heavy hardware braille keyboard whose portability is really bad. These days, they also use smart devices as others do.
They use default keyboard (qwerty, Narat-gul(KOR), Chun-ji-in(KOR) ...) but they are based on vision. So they have to learn and memorize the position of buttons to use them. The problem is there are various smart devices and they have various size too. If visually handicapped people changed his or her device, they should have learn and memorize step again.
But this 'Nurumi - motion based keyboard' will saves a lot of time because this keyboard is motion based keyboard. As this keyboard let users decide the standard input positions, they don't need to be reeducated where the button is. The position where the five fingers touched is the standard positions. And then users can input with using swipe or tap motion on that standard positions. It is sure that it seems to be hard, but if you look over the information image. For vowels, users can associate with the direction. For example, 'ㅏ' is allocated to right swipe motion of index finger and 'ㅜ' is allocated to down swipe motion of index and middle finger. For consonants, there was no way to associate all the characters, so we analyzed the frequency of each consonants. As it is hard to use ring finger and pinky finger, consonants who has high frequency are allocated to index finger and middle finger.
